en: add tiproxy docs (#2480)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/scale-a-tidb-cluster.md

- To scale in a TiDB cluster, **decrease** the value of `replicas` of a certain component. The scaling in operations remove Pods based on the Pod ID in descending order, until the number of Pods equals the value of `replicas`.

### Horizontally scale PD, TiKV, TiDB, and TiProxy

> To scale PD, TiKV, TiDB, or TiProxy horizontally, use kubectl to modify `spec.pd.replicas`, `spec.tikv.replicas`, `spec.tidb.replicas`, and `spec.tiproxy.replicas` in the `TidbCluster` object of the cluster to a desired value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To scale PD, TiKV, TiDB, or TiProxy horizontally, use kubectl to modify `spec.pd.replicas`, `spec.tikv.replicas`, `spec.tidb.replicas`, and `spec.tiproxy.replicas` in the `TidbCluster` object of the cluster to desired values.
```

### Vertically scale components

This section describes how to vertically scale up or scale down components including PD, TiKV, TiDB, TiProxy, TiFlash, and TiCDC.

> - To scale up or scale down PD, TiKV, TiDB, and TiProxy, use kubectl to modify `spec.pd.resources`, `spec.tikv.resources`, and `spec.tidb.resources` in the `TidbCluster` object that corresponds to the cluster to a desired value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To scale up or scale down PD, TiKV, TiDB, and TiProxy, use kubectl to modify `spec.pd.resources`, `spec.tikv.resources`, and `spec.tidb.resources` in the `TidbCluster` object that corresponds to the cluster to desired values.
```
